"She is so devoted. She likes to practice so much in the village style. No matter what they do,
they can listen to her. I think that would be more practical. So they all have the animals. So
first they will put all the animals in the way that they have to put in the yard or in the grass
and all that. Then after that, then they will have the practice, even in their family practices."
"They have the animals before the dinner and then they have the dinner and then they go to bed.
That's like the village tradition. So our grandmother, the father's mother, said in the village,
she says, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family sleep.'
She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family sleep.' She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family
sleep.'
She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family sleep.'
She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family sleep.' She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family
sleep.'
She said, 'Don't let the family sleep.' She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family sleep.'
She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family sleep.' She said, 'Sri Dardana, don't let the family
sleep.'
In the Tara press, there is the benefit of the press, the 21 words. It is said, I think, 'Buddha
said two times, three times, or the seven times.'
She said, 'So if we are trying to do at least two times, or three times, that they do that. Oh,
that's one time.'
Okay. Thank you.